This time the time is a bit rushed,
Mom didn't have time to prepare anything. Mom is planning to hold a business meeting,
Wake up some more reporters and come over. At the industry meeting,
Just the thing to announce your return. mom,
It's a business meeting again, and it's time to invite reporters.
The motive is too loud. What is this.
I don’t recognize it, but I’m also following your instructions,
The young lady's room is ready. The young lady and the eldest young master can rest at any time.
Um. a room.
Isn’t it very natural for a couple to live together in Tianjin?
It turns out, you said so. That's what mom said.
The couple naturally has to prepare.
You can be regarded as doing the hard work.
Mom is counting on you
Mom's heart will be at ease
This is not what I said
Then I have the final say
It was my foot that stepped on it